Multiple_protease_proteolysis figure (#27)
jessegmeyerlab/proteomics-tutorial: content/05.proteolysis.md

In general, for a mere protein identification mostly trypsin is the choice due to the reasons aforementioned.
However, alternative enzymes can facilitate _de novo_ assembly when the genomic data information is limited in the public database repositories [@pmid:31615963; @pmid:30622160; @pmid:29990557; @doi:10.1016/j.actatropica.2022.106324; @DOI:10.1021/pr400173d].
Use of multiple proteases for proteome digestion also can improve the sensitivity and accuracy of protein quantification [@PMID:30336047].

> Moreover, by providing an increased peptide diversity, the use of multiple proteases can expand sequence coverage and increase the probability of finding peptides which are unique to single proteins [@DOI: 10.1021/acs.jproteome.9b00330]. A multi-protease approach can also improve the identification of mispredicted N-Termini and signal peptides for small proteins [@DOI: 10.1021/acs.jproteome.1c00115]. Therefore, integrating multiple-protease data can increase the number of proteins identified [@DOI: 10.3390/ijms20225630; @DOI: 10.1074/mcp.M113.035170], the number of identified post-translational modifications [@DOI: 10.1021/acs.jproteome.9b00330; @DOI: 10.1016/j.celrep.2015.05.029] and decrease the ambiguity of the protein group list [@DOI: 10.1021/acs.jproteome.9b00330].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, by providing an increased peptide diversity, the use of multiple proteases can expand sequence coverage and increase the probability of finding peptides which are unique to single proteins [@DOI:10.1021/acs.jproteome.9b00330; @DOI:10.1074/mcp.M113.034710; @DOI:10.1155/2014/960902]. 
A multi-protease approach can also improve the identification of N-Termini and signal peptides for small proteins [@DOI:10.1021/acs.jproteome.1c00115]. 
Overall, integrating multiple-protease data can increase the number of proteins identified [@DOI:10.3390/ijms20225630; @DOI:10.1074/mcp.M113.035170], the number of identified post-translational modifications detected [@DOI:10.1021/acs.jproteome.9b00330; @DOI:10.1016/j.celrep.2015.05.029; @DOI:10.1074/mcp.M113.034710] and decrease the ambiguity of the protein group list [@DOI:10.1021/acs.jproteome.9b00330].
```

Author: I agree, should I click on commit suggestion?

Reviewer: Yes if you agree with the suggestions you can click commit, otherwise you can discuss them in these comments, or you can go back and change them to something different by working on your branch

It is a member of the subtilisin family of proteases and is relatively unspecific with a preference for proteolysis at hydrophobic and aromatic amino acid residues [@DOI:https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-12-382219-2.00714-6]. 
The optimal enzyme activity is between pH 7.5 and 12.
Proteinase K is used at low concentrations for limited proteolysis (LiP) and the detection of protein structural changes in the eponymous technique LiP-MS [@PMID:29072706]. 

![**Multiple protease proteolysis improves protein inference**

> The use of other proteases beyond Trypsin such as Lysyl endopeptidase (Lys-C), Peptidyl-Asp metallopeptidase (Asp-N), Glutamyl peptidase I, (Glu-C), Chymotrypsin, Clostripain (Arg-C) or Peptidyl-Lys metalloendopeptidase (Lys-N) can generate a greater diversity of peptides. This will improve protein sequence coverage and allow for the correct identification of their N-termini. Increasing the number of complimentary enzymes used will increase the number of single proteins identified and decrease the ambiguity of the assignment of protein groups. Therefore, this will allow more protein isoforms and post-traslational modifications to be identified than using Trypsin alone.](images/Proteolysis_v03.png){#fig:Multiple-protease-proteolysis tag="1" width="100%"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of other proteases beyond Trypsin such as Lysyl endopeptidase (Lys-C), Peptidyl-Asp metallopeptidase (Asp-N), Glutamyl peptidase I, (Glu-C), Chymotrypsin, Clostripain (Arg-C) or Peptidyl-Lys metalloendopeptidase (Lys-N) can generate a greater diversity of peptides. 
This improves protein sequence coverage and allows for the correct identification of their N-termini. 
Increasing the number of complimentary enzymes used will increase the number of proteins identified by single peptides and decreases the ambiguity of the assignment of protein groups. 
Therefore, this will allow more protein isoforms and post-translational modifications to be identified than using Trypsin alone.](images/Proteolysis_v03.png){#fig:Multiple-protease-proteolysis tag="1" width="100%"}
```

Author: I agree, should I click on commit suggestion?
